PEP 12: Extract Intersphinx section. Add example of Intersphinx reference. (#3827)
python/peps: peps/pep-0012.rst

using inline literals or a literal block instead.

Intersphinx
-----------

You can use
`Intersphinx references
<https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/intersphinx.html>`_
to other Sphinx sites,

> currently the `Python documentation <https://docs.python.org/>`_

Reviewer: There's currently also Intersphinx to Trio, but I don't think we need to list them all here:

```suggestion
such as the `Python documentation <https://docs.python.org/>`_
```
